Ambiguous elements:

ISA08 Interchange Receiver ID
GS03 Application Receiver’s Code
Supplemental Identifiers
Reference Identification
Service Provider roles
Hierarchical ID Number
Service Trace Number
Previous Review Administrative Reference Number-Service level
Previous Review Authorization Number-Service level
Service date code -DTP01 segment
Facility type code - UM04
SV101- value
Segments mentioned in 278 authorization document and the UHC document are different for SV2 elements.
HSD segment in 2000F loop.
Patient Event Transport Information -2010EB
Patient Event Other UMO Name-Required when Health Care Services Review has been denied by another UMO- 2010EC
UM03 in 2000F loop-"Required when different from the UM03 value at the Patient Event level (Loop 2000E)"
                    On what basis are they different?
UM02 in 2000F loop- Cetification type code?
Instituional service vs Professional service
The segments in loop 2000f are required only when they are different from those in loop 2000E.


Required elements:

UMO (Payer Name)(the ExplanationOfBenefit should be used instead of the Claim and ClaimResponse resources as those resources may contain provider and payer specific information which is not appropriate for sharing with the patient.)
Requester Name(enterer)-Required when name information is needed by the UMO to identify the requester.The name of the facility submitting the request is required.
Requestor City, State, Zip Code,City
Requestor Supplemental Identifier
At least one contact phone number is required in the Requester Name loop.
Subscriber Last name (Required)
Subscriber gender code required when gender code (DMG03) is needed to determine medical necessity
Subscriber Relationship required when the subscriber’s role in the military is necessary to determine the appropriate benefit/level of care.
Subscriber Supplemental Identifier required.
Patient Event Level- Hierarchical ID Number and Hierarchical Parent ID Number and Hierarchical Level Code and Hierarchical Child Code are required.
Health Care Service Review Information required
